Perf Hints docs and General Opt Guide refactoring (#10815)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/MO_DG/prepare_model/Getting_performance_numbers.md

You need to build your performance conclusions on reproducible data. Do the performance measurements with a large number of invocations of the same routine. Since the first iteration is almost always significantly slower than the subsequent ones, you can use an aggregated value for the execution time for final projections:

-	If the warm-up run does not help or execution time still varies, you can try running a large number of iterations and then average or find a mean of the results.
-	For time values that range too much, consider geomean.

> -   Beware of the throttling and other power oddities. A device can exist in one of several different power states. When optimizing your model, for better performance data reproducibility consider fixing the device frequency. However the end to end  (application) benchmarking should be also performed under real operational conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Beware of the throttling and other power oddities. A device can exist in one of several different power states. When optimizing your model, for better performance data reproducibility consider fixing the device frequency. However, the end-to-end application benchmarking should be also performed under real operational conditions.
```

## Getting performance numbers using OpenVINO's benchmark_app 

> To get performance numbers please use the dedicated [Benchmark App](../../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md) sample that is the best way to produce the performance reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get performance numbers, use the dedicated [Benchmark App](../../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md) sample which is the best way to produce the performance reference.
```

```
to execute on the CPU instead.

> Each of the [OpenVINO supported devices](../../OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/Supported_Devices.md) offers a bunch of performance settings that have a command-line equivalents in the [Benchmark App](../../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of the [OpenVINO supported devices](../../OV_Runtime_UG/supported_plugins/Supported_Devices.md) offers performance settings that have command-line equivalents in the [Benchmark App](../../../samples/cpp/benchmark_app/README.md).
```

> While these settings provide really low-level control and allow to leverage the optimal model performance on the _specific_ device, we suggest to always start the performance evaluation with trying the [OpenVINO High-Level Performance Hints](../../OV_Runtime_UG/performance_hints.md) first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While these settings provide really low-level control and allow to leverage the optimal model performance on the _specific_ device, we suggest always starting the performance evaluation with the [OpenVINO High-Level Performance Hints](../../OV_Runtime_UG/performance_hints.md) first:
```

>  - benchmark_app **-hint tput** -d 'device' -m 'path to your favorite model'
>  - benchmark_app **-hint latency** -d 'device' -m 'path to your favorite model'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - benchmark_app **-hint tput** -d 'device' -m 'path to your model'
 - benchmark_app **-hint latency** -d 'device' -m 'path to your model'
```

Reviewer: sometimes you are forced to work with models you actually don't like

out_fc6         EXECUTED       layerType: Output            realTime: 3          cpu: 3              execType: unknown
relu5_9_x2    OPTIMIZED_OUT     layerType: ReLU             realTime: 0          cpu: 0              execType: undef
```

> This contains layers name (as seen in IR), layers type and execution statistics. Notice the `OPTIMIZED_OUT`, which indicates that the particular activation was fused into adjacent convolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This contains layers name (as seen in IR), layers type, and execution statistics. Notice the `OPTIMIZED_OUT`, which indicates that the particular activation was fused into adjacent convolution.
```

Both benchmark_app versions also support "exec_graph_path" command-line option governing the OpenVINO to output the same per-layer execution statistics, but in the form of the plugin-specific [Netron-viewable](https://netron.app/) graph to the specified file.

> Notice that on some devices, the execution graphs/counters may be pretty intrusive overhead-wise. Also these do not reflect the time spent in the plugin/device/driver/etc queues. If the sum of the counters is too different from the latency of an inference request, consider testing with less inference requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that on some devices, the execution graphs/counters may be pretty intrusive overhead-wise. Also, these do not reflect the time spent in the plugin/device/driver/etc queues. If the sum of the counters is too different from the latency of an inference request, consider testing with fewer inference requests.
```
